# Online Modular Synthesizer

This is a virtual modular synthesizer made using Javascript, p5js, and Tonejs as the final project for ATLAS Institute's Creative Code class. It is a sound generator and instrument, capable of synthesizing music from basic wave shape oscillators. By connecting modules together with virtual "wires," you can combine waves to create chords and more complex sounds.

This project was a culmination of my semester-long journey of learning Javascript. Not only did I learn a new programming language, but I also learned how to use several creative coding tools like p5js, Google APIs, StableDiffusion, and many more. During the semester, the one assignment that stuck out to me was to create something with sound. For the past few years, I have been working on creating my own modular synthesizer from scratch, teaching myself analog electronics, PCB design, and soldering skills. I have thought about creating a website to showcase what I have created so far, and as part of this website I thought of coding an interactive sound generator that virtually represents what the real-life synthesizer modules are capable of. During the week that I was working on the sound assignment for my Creative Code class, I decided to give this idea a try and I was excited about what I came up with. For the final assignment, I chose to expand upon this weeklong assignment and use additional time to build upon what I had. 

I ended up rewriting the entire project from scratch, and making improvements on its organization and functionality. The core mechanics of the project were the same, but I added thee ability to add, move, and remove modules from the screen like you could with the real life counterpart. There were many more features that I planed to implement, like controlling the frequency of one oscillator with another, controlling the amplitude of the waves using other parameters, and adding effects to the signal chain. One day I hope to use this script on my personal website and launch the synthesizer modules for sale.
